Canterbury Astronomical Society
===============================

The Canterbury Astronomical Society (CAS) is one of the largest astronomical
society in the South Island, with a membership of approximately 90 members.

We meet monthly at the University of Canterbury.

The Society's main meeting is on the third Tuesday of the month, starting at
8:00 p.m.  All things astronomical are discussed at these meetings, from
informal chats among members, to guest speaker presentations, along with annual
Soapbox evenings and light-hearted quiz nights.

"Practical Astronomy for All Ages" is a friendly, informal meeting catering to
those who are just starting out in astronomy, as well as those looking for
practical assistance and advice. This meeting is held on the third Tuesday of
the month from 7:00 p.m. to 7:45 p.m. and precedes the Society's main monthly
meeting.

On the Saturday immediately following the monthly meeting of the society, there
is a gathering at the Society's observatory sited 18 km to the west at West
Melton just outside of Christchurch City. This gathering gives new astronomers
the chance to get help with their telescopes or with locating objects.  More
experienced observers are usually on hand to help out.

The Saturday meeting night nearest the shortest day marks the Society's famous
Mid-Winter Starparty, a celebration marking the time of Matariki - the Maori
New Year. After a barbeque, we light the bonfire, get out the marshmallows and
open the CAS secret recipe mulled wine to keep out the winter chill for a
fun-filled evening under the stars.

The R.F. Joyce Observatory, at West Melton, is privately owned by the Society
and contains a number of telescopes including a 14.5" Cassegrain reflecting
telescope, which are used for photography, visual and photometric observing.

Our other telescopes include a 12" Meade LX200, a 24" Dobsonian for those
interested in deep sky observing, and a 16" Meade RCX400, which together give
us superb light-gathering capacity.

A number of other portable/Dobsonian telescopes are also used for the numerous
groups we have visiting us.

The observatory site includes, in addition to the domes, a meeting room with
kitchen facilities and an adjacent toilet block.

A copy of the current version of the Canterbury Astronomical Society
Constitution is available for download here or via the Membership page. 
