R. F. Joyce Observatory
=======================

The Canterbury Astronomical Society's observatory is located near West Melton,
a small township west of Chrischurch (see the map).  This facility was
established in 1963 originally as a dark sky site with a satellite tracking
station; the space age had just dawned and the new moving lights in the sky
were of great interest.  The observatory's existence is entirely due to the
generous bequest of R. F. Joyce, a founding member and first president of the
Canterbury Astronomical Society.  This enabled a piece of land to be bought in
rural Canterbury and the establishment of the observatory's first instrument, a
modest satellite tracking scope, which saw important use in the early days of
the space age.

The observatory has since gone from strength to strength with the addition of a
dome containing a 16" Newtonian reflector which was subsequently replaced with
a 14.5" Cassegrain reflector designed for photometry.  A meeting room with
kitchen facilities - a place to gather for a chat and warm-up. 

A number of other buildings meeting numerous purposes have been added with the
whole observatory going thorugh an expansion and major maintance period in
recent years, with a 10 fold increase in available flat area for telescopes,
and numerous upgrades to take advantage of modern technology.

The telescopes on site include the 14.5" Cassegrain reflector in the main dome
with a 4" refracting guide scope, a 12" Meade GPS Schmidt Cassegrain, a 5"
Cooke Refractor on loan from Carter Observatory, a 24" Dobsonian and others
with assorted smaller apertures.

In November 2005 the Society was delighted to receive a grant of $50,000 from
the Eureka Trust towards the cost of a new larger main instrument and related
equipment. A fully automated Meade RCX400 telescope of 16" (41cm) aperture has
been installed, as well as a CCD camera, and Canon digital SLR camera
specifically designed for astrophotography. The 16" telescope has been housed
in the roll-off roof building on the eastern side of the site, which has been
renovated for the purpose.
