Observatory Site Maintenance Roster 2014
========================================

**Please Volunteer!**

Months listed below that do not already have two or more volunteers, **NEED**
society members to volunteer to help keep our observing site presentable and
usable.

If you'd like to put your name down for any of the unallocated months,
please contact the Observatory Director <observatory.director@cas.org.nz>, or the
Web Master <webmaster@cas.org.nz>.

<table class="table">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Month</th>
      <th>Volunteers</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>January 2014</td>
      <td>The Horn family</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>February 2014</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>March 2014</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>April 2014</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>May 2014</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>June 2014</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>July 2014</td>
      <td>Gary Steel</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>August 2014</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>September 2014</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>October 2014</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>November 2014</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>December 2014</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>January 2015</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>February 2015</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>March 2015</td>
      <td>More volunteers needed!</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Lawns
-----

Mowing the lawns includes mowing the observing terraces, the sloped areas in
front of the terraces, behind the 5m dome, behind the lodge, the grassed area
beside the driveway, and the grass street verge. Weedeaters are available for
along the fencelines and around border plantings. Please use the grass catcher
when mowing the observing terraces, to avoid leaving clumps of lawn clippings
that can trip people up in the dark. Please use the safety equipment stored
with the lawnmowers, safety glasses MUST be worn when using the weedeaters.
During spring and summer, the lawns need to be mowed most weeks or fortnights,
during autumn and winter the lawns need to be mowed less often but still need
to be kept tidy for open nights.

If you are rostered for maintenance, you are responsible for checking whether
the lawns need attention, do not leave it to other members to notify you. As a
rough guide, if your lawns at home need doing since last time, the lawns at the
observatory likely do too.

Always use the appropriate petrol for the lawnmowers, and the appropriate mix
of petrol and two-stroke oil for the weedeaters, the fuel containers are
labelled correctly. Before using either of the lawnmowers, ensure there is the
appropriate amount of oil in them. If you run out of petrol, there is a service
station along Weedons Ross Road, keep the receipt for reimbursement.

Each month at least two volunteers are required. For safety, volunteers for the
month should coordinate between themselves to arrange an agreed time to work
together.
